>> Reporter: WHEN SHE WAS 29,
THAT IDEA BECAME A REALITY.
WENDY'S MOM INVITED HER TO JOIN
A THERAPY SESSION.
AND IT WAS THERE, WENDY'S MOM
ADMITTED TO HAVING AN AFFAIR
MANY YEARS EARLIER, BEFORE WENDY
WAS BORN.
>> SHE DISCOVERED SHE WAS
PREGNANT.
AND SHE DIDN'T KNOW WHO SHE WAS
PREGNANT BY.
I DIDN'T SPEND A LOT OF TIME
THINKING ABOUT IT BETWEEN THE
TIME THAT I WAS A TEENAGER AND I
WAS 29.
I HAD FOUR KIDS.
I WAS WORKING.
I WAS BUSY.
>> Reporter: WENDY SAYS IT TOOK
HER TEN, FULL YEARS TO FINALLY
ASK HER DAD TO TAKE A DNA TEST
WITH HER.
AND HE AGREED.
>> I HAD A STRONG SUSPICION THAT
MY DAD WASN'T MY BIOLOGICAL
FATHER.
>> Reporter: WHAT SHE LEARNED
FROM THAT TEST WAS THE MAN SHE
CALLED DAD WAS NOT, IN FACT, HER
BIOLOGICAL FATHER.
>> THIS PERSON NAMED BILL MILLER
WAS MY BIOLOGICAL FATHER.
AND I WAS THINKING, HOW WOULD I
EVER FIND THIS PERSON?
THERE'S THOUSANDS OF BILL MILLER
MILLERS.
>> Reporter: AND ANOTHER DECADE
WENT BY.
>> FOR SOME REASON, I DECIDED TO
FINALLY DO IT.
>> Reporter: WENDY TOOK A SECOND
DNA TEST.
THIS TIME, ON HER 49th BIRTHDAY.
>> I GOT THE RESULTS BACK.
RIGHT ABOVE MY PICTURE WAS A
PICTURE OF A MAN.
AND IT SAID, WILLIAM MILLER,
FATHER, 50% MATCH.
I WAS SO SHOCKED.
>> Reporter: BILL MILLER WAS
CURIOUS ABOUT HIS OWN ANCESTRY
AND WAS IN THE SYSTEM BECAUSE HE
HAD TAKEN A DNA TEST PRIOR.
>> FINDING WENDY HAS BEEN THE
BEST THING THAT'S HAPPENED TO ME
AND THIS PART OF MY LIFE.
BUT IT'S BEEN THE MOST
DIFFICULT, TOO.
>> Reporter: DIFFICULT BECAUSE
WHAT WENDY WOULD LEARN, IS SHE
AND BILL MILLER HAD VERY
DIFFERENT MREEFBELIEFS.
>> HE STARTED LABELING
EVERYBODY.
THEY WERE A JEW.
THEY WERE BLACK.
WOULDN'T JUST TELL ME THEIR
NAME.
I TRIED TO TELL HIM HOW HE
TALKED WAS HURTFUL.
AT THE SAME TIME, HE WAS WANTING
TO HOLD MY HAND.
HE WAS SO HAPPY HE MET ME.
>> Reporter: WHEN ASKED IF HE IS
A RACIST, BILL SAYS, NO MORE SO
THAN MOST AMERICANS.
>> MY ATTITUDE TOWARD THINGS IS
NOT -- CAN EASILY BE PUT INTO A
BOX.
I SEE GOODNESS AND I'M TROUBLED
BY A LOT OF THINGS.
IT'S NOT A BLACK AND WHITE KIND
OF THING.
>> Reporter: AND WEDNESDAYNDY LEARNED A
MORE SURPRISING SECRET ON HER
FAMILY TREE.
WE'LL HAVE THAT FOR YOU IN A
MOMENT, WHEN WENDY SPENCER JOINS
US.
*
HI TED, GLAD YOU COULD JOIN US!
GIVE IT A TRY.
MMM.
GIVE THAT TO ME.
* (LAUGHING)
TED?
*
There's no one I'd rather... hit the road with.
No one I'd rather have dinner and a movie with.
No one I'd rather lean on.
Being in love is an amazing thing.
Being in love with your best friend...
...is everything.
Ever Us
One diamond for your best friend ...
One for your true love.
For the one woman in your life who's both.
Ever Us. Available at Kay, Jared and Zales.
You look amazing.
And you look amazing... ly comfortable.
When your V-neck looks more like a U-Neck...
That's when you know it's half-washed.
Add Downy to keep your collars from stretching.
Downy and it's done.
When I walked through a snowstorm for a cigarette,
that's when I knew I had to quit.
For real this time.
That's why I'm using Nicorette.
Only Nicorette gum has patented
dual-coated technology
for great taste
plus intense craving relief.
Every great why
needs a great how.
* A dog's big life,
is measured in wags.
And when you feed your dog Nature's Recipe,
You fuel the wag with our premium recipes
like chicken, sweet potato and pumpkin.
Nature's Recipe. Fuel the Wag.
And now, I help people find discounts,
like paperless, multi-car, and safe driver,
that help them save on their car insurance.
Any questions?
-Yeah. -How do you go to the bathroom?
Great. Any insurance-related questions?
-Mm-hmm. -Do you have a girlfriend?
Uh, I'm actually focusing on my career right now,
saving people nearly $600 when they switch, so...
Where's your belly button?
[ Sighs ]
I've got to start booking better gigs.
>>> WE'RE BACK, NOW, WITH WENDY